Community advocate rituals (#14699)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/demand/README.md

### Review ongoing events
Check the "🗓 Planned events" column in [#g-demand board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/g-demand-64e6c8e2d35c7f001a457b7f/board) and continue to work through steps in each event's issue.

### Create an article
Article creation begins with creation of an issue using the "🫧 Article request" template.

1. Create a [new GitHub issue for the #g-demand board](https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/issues/new?assignees=spokanemac&labels=%23g-demand=&template=custom-request.md&title=Article%20Idea%3A+_______________________) and select the "Event-preparation" template..
2. Move the issue into the "📃 Planned articles" column.

### Review ongoing articles

> Check the "📃 Planned articles" column in [#g-demand board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/g-demand-64e6c8e2d35c7f001a457b7f/board) and continue towork through steps in each event's issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the "📃 Planned articles" column in [#g-demand board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/g-demand-64e6c8e2d35c7f001a457b7f/board) and continue to work through steps in each event's issue.
```
